Buying Experience so awesome car was so nice
I have awesome driving experience.
The car is awesome and having a great performance and servicing and maintenance is also not to costly.
The over all experience of buying and driving is excellent and performance is absolutely good the service and maintenance is good .I prefer everyone to buy this BMW luxury line.
This was an awesome car. This is absolutely a stunning car. One should definitely buy it for their kids and parents.
This car is just awesome, give you feel that you are driving a super car as this car is not having the luxury batch but still it is so comfortable that you will have a great time while driving this car.
My car experience is longer because I always drive my personal car, so I love sedan segment. BMW company provides best luxurious cars in the world & in future I purchase BMW X5 series.
It's awesome car by looks and also by performance. It's worth to buy such a massive power with comfort luxury. Enhanced with technology is also a plus point which adds another star.
I got all details on carwale . It help me a lot 
I loved there compare feature where I compare bmw 530 m sport and luxury . Both price where same 71 lakh then this help me to compare internal feature and finally I liked 530 M sports
The comfortable car which I have ever seen. the most beautiful car ND the exterior was awesome ND the colour black suites the best to this car.we go crazy when we drive the car
Many advanced technology features are introduced. 
It offers super safety and comfort. 
It is more interesting to drive this car than setting at the rear.
One of Best loaded engine
I bought it about 3 years back.. It looks so stunning.  if i take the car to roads all are looking and amazed by its look. When it comes to performance side omg  superb no words....
Dear all, 
Having been a silent reader of this beautiful forum for years, finally posting my first thread. We own an Audi A4 35 TDI (2017 model) and are planning to upgrade to the just launched BMW 5 Series LCI (530i M-Sport). Being a car enthusiast myself like all the respected members in this forum, we have shortlisted the Bimmer as it is our family's dream!
We plan to sell/exchange the A4. 
Since we want to buy the car by September (Ganesh Chaturthi) and not later, and knowing that it has just been launched, sincerely need your advice on the following: 
1. What kind of discounts can be expected, since we're planning to book by the end of this month or the next (stocks are limited at BMW Pune)  
- The response from the dealer is that no discounts currently as it has just been launched. However looking at past trends and that he was offering the pre-facelift at 61 OTR, I'm sure I can shed a few lakhs off atleast by hard haggling. Any tips on how to do so would be truly appreciated.  
2. How can I make the best of the situation and crack the best deal? Can extended warranty and BSI be used as a bargaining point? 
3. Any further tips that will help us save as much as we can and any other information on buying a BMW! 
Please re-route this thread to an already present one if it exists. 
Hoping to hear from you all (being a student, I look up to all the senior members of this forum and their amazing knowledge that can be seen in all threads) 
Thanks!
My only advice to you is.. wait. These things go for at least 8-10 lacs discount and it wouldn't make any financial sense to jump the gun right now. I was quoted 10+ lacs discount multiple times in 2019/2020 for the 530i. 
Look at it this way, if you are prepared to spend an extra 8 on it today, you might as well wait 3-4 months and spend that exact amount and get the 530d? Definitely get hold of a test drive for the 530d, it'll make waiting easier.
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   .    

As BHPian @amitverma mentioned, it's better to wait right now. You might get good discounts in Nov-Dec and these cars do see high discounts. 5 LCI is the latest launch from BMW as a result the discounts will be insignificant right now. Better to wait!   If waiting isn't an option at all for you, you may read further!    Quote:   
				
					1. What kind of discounts can be expected, since we're planning to book by the end of this month or the next (stocks are limited at BMW Pune)  
- The response from the dealer is that no discounts currently as it has just been launched. However looking at past trends and that he was offering the pre-facelift at 61 OTR, I'm sure I can shed a few lakhs off atleast by hard haggling. Any tips on how to do so would be truly appreciated.
				
			   

The luxury car market currently has a lot of pent-up demand and the stock availability situation is also on the negative side. In simple words, the demand is more than the supply. Hence, quite naturally the discounts will be low (quite low, in fact) and on top of that 5 LCI is the latest launch from BMW. 
Expecting high discounts right now or even in the next month wouldn't be a wise thing to do but having said that, you can definitely get a discount.  
You see, the dealers have a very high margin on such luxury cars and none of the dealers would want to lose a sale, that's when the discounts kick in to lure in the serious prospective buyers even in the case of new launches. 
Ex-showroom reduction is the best form of discount, IMHO but in your case, that might or might not be possible at all (later having a higher probability). You should definitely haggle for the same and negotiate hard till the last moment. When you have your funds ready and you have already made up your mind on the 5 LCI, you know you'll be getting it at any cost, so there's no harm in trying and negotiating as much as possible.  
Try negotiating during the month-end time when the dealers have to meet their Monthly Targets and do the first round of negotiations over a phone call (Pretty sure you'll hear, "No discounts Saar, new launch Saar!"). Do keep sometime (a month or so) in hand because hard hagglings do take some effort and time. Next, take a few TDs spread in a span of few days to show your interest, and meanwhile do stay in touch with your RM/SA. You may visit the showroom too for the TDs (this increases the dealer's expectation to close a sale).  
Show your interest but never show your eagerness or excitement. The dealers are extremely clever and observe every possible detail about you. 
Spend a month like this and do visit the other BMW showrooms too, in your region. Try getting quotes from the aggressive Mumbai dealers too, if possible, and do negotiate because you have nothing to lose here. 
Finally, moving to round 2, visit the showroom (with your checkbook) and meet your RM/SA and let him/her know about your true intentions and also mention the time frame by which you would like to close the deal. Try finding out a senior source in the dealership or simply meet the GM once (this is required and would help in round 3). 
Now, in Round 3, pitch them the quotes you have received from other dealers (after good negotiations) and simply ask them to better the offer, not match but better the offer.  Stay behind your RM/SA and mention to him/her that this is the price you'll be paying and as soon as they match the price you'll be closing the deal. Pressurizing and luring back the dealer does work as each sale matters to the dealer.  Also, in the final round of On-table negotiations in the showroom, always keep your checkbook ready and place it on the table, literally.  It works! 
All these should definitely bring down the price. If not, meet the senior source in the showroom or meet the GM and let him/her know about your offer and then repeat the same thing (steps of negotiation) in the presence of your RM.
Pretty sure, after this you'll be offered a good price and you'll be able to close the deal.  
Don't be in a hurry and just don't give up. It's a tedious procedure but it works and when you get a good deal, nothing would matter more than that. Hard hagglings are definitely hard and time-consuming  but you'll be able to do it!  
Won't comment on the exact extent/value of the discount you'll be offered but it can and should be somewhere between 1.5L-2.5L or more on the ex-showroom.   Quote:   
				
					2. How can I make the best of the situation and crack the best deal? Can extended warranty and BSI be used as a bargaining point?
				
			   

The above-mentioned points should help you in cracking the best deal and make sure you haggle hard!  
Coming to the second part, Yes! Insurance and the BSI, BRI packages are to be used in negotiation after the ex-showroom discounts. 
Try getting the insurance for free from the dealer and if the dealer isn't budging enough, try getting your own preferred insurance quote from outside and simply ask the dealer to match it, or else you can get your own insurance too. This way you'll be able to save more.
Next comes the BSI/BRI packages and generally dealers do give the packages at good discounted rates and if you negotiate hard and are lucky enough, you might get the packages for free too (ofc, depends on the dealer's attitude towards closing a deal)!  
Do ask about the exchange bonus with the deal as you're planning to sell/ exchange your Audi A4. If not convincing enough and if the right value is not offered for your car, you may sell it personally through Olx (time-consuming but worth it), and rest assured you'll get a better price for your A4.  
If the dealer is offering you accessories, if possible, deny it and ask for a cash discount instead.   All these discounts from the different heads should sum it up and should get you a good total discount on the final OTR price.    Quote:   
				
					3. Any further tips that will help us save as much as we can and any other information on buying a BMW!
				
			    https://shop.bmw.in/#/stock-locator
This website shows the stock availability with the dealers and you may use it in order to negotiate. Remember, more no. of vehicles with the dealer = more liability (financially) for the dealer = more is the desperation to move the stocks.  
And as I said before, do let the dealer know that you're interested and you're a prospective buyer who'll be buying the 5 LCI soon but don't let the dealer understand your eagerness/excitement and also that you'll be buying the car any which way. Be firm with your negotiation!  
Also, Dream>>> Discounts! So even if you don't get your desired discount after hard haggling, do go for the 5 LCI with a happy heart! 
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   Dear all, 
1. What kind of discounts can be expected, since we're planning to book by the end of this month or the next (stocks are limited at BMW Pune)  
Thanks!    

I was also looking at the 5 LCI recently and was offered a 2 lakh rupee discount without much negotiation from my end. I ended up buying another product due to some other constraints, but I am sure that they would have done a lakh or 2 more if I had persisted. 
Anything more than this is very difficult atleast till November. The car is however a hoot to drive.  
As others have suggested, if you are sure that you need the 5, then please wait till Nov/Dec and I am pretty sure that you can bring the OTR down significantly.       Quote:    
						Originally Posted by sampadroy   https://shop.bmw.in/#/stock-locator
This website shows the stock availability with the dealers and you may use it in order to negotiate.  
Also, Dream>>> Discounts! So even if you don't get your desired discount after hard haggling, do go for the 5 LCI with a happy heart!     

The stock locator is not updated regularly though. When I was on the hunt, it showed multiple 5's and X3's in stock here at Gurgaon. The reality however was very very different. X3 carried a waiting period of more than a month and the 5(pre facelift) was sold out completely
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by senna   The stock locator is not updated regularly though. When I was on the hunt, it showed multiple 5's and X3's in stock here at Gurgaon. The reality however was very very different. X3 carried a waiting period of more than a month and the 5(pre facelift) was sold out completely    

I believe the Stock Locator may not be properly/completely updated from the Dealer's part but it is definitely updated from the Manufacturer's part as I've seen many new changes related to the new models, price increment, etc. happening on a regular/frequent basis whenever such a change occurs.
Thanks a lot everyone for your inputs! Using sampadroy's comments, we visited the showroom yesterday and have good news! We've bought the 530i M-Sport LCI in Bluestone Metallic and Cognac interior. 
After hard negotiation, I was able to get the price down to 72.5 OTR from 75.5 OTR, and a further 2 Lakh Exchange Bonus for giving them my A4. Also received some freebies in the deal like the BMW logo projectors and a 5 Key chain. Eagerly looking forward to the delivery and to post our first ownership review on Team-BHP!
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   - The response from the dealer is that no discounts currently as it has just been launched. However looking at past trends and that he was offering the pre-facelift at 61 OTR, I'm sure I can shed a few lakhs off at least by hard haggling. Any tips on how to do so would be truly appreciated.     

Good that you did not pick the pre-LCI. At that time, there was only a 530i Sport in the petrol line up, as far as I remember. This variant, which sold around 56 lakhs ex-showroom, had significantly down-graded equipment, with missing leather seats, no adaptive damper control, no gesture control etc.
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by 84.monsoon   Good that you did not pick the pre-LCI. At that time, there was only a 530i Sport in the petrol line up, as far as I remember. This variant, which sold around 56 lakhs ex-showroom, had significantly down-graded equipment, with missing leather seats, no adaptive damper control, no gesture control etc.    

Since the last 2 model years, there was also 530i M sport which was decently loaded. Not a lot of major misses in that one.
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by 84.monsoon   Good that you did not pick the pre-LCI. At that time, there was only a 530i Sport in the petrol line up, as far as I remember. This variant, which sold around 56 lakhs ex-showroom, had significantly down-graded equipment, with missing leather seats, no adaptive damper control, no gesture control etc.    

Have read your useful thread many many times while we were planning to buy our dream car! 
We were really waiting for the LCI as we plan to keep this car for a long time, and the fresher design and changes help justify the higher price. As compared to the 530i M-Sport pre-facelift, a lot of additions have happened to the current one, notable ones being: 
1. Four-zone AC with extended vents in the pillars
2. 12.2 inch screen with wireless Android Auto 
    and the latest I-Drive and voice commands
3. Metallic finish for all controls and gloss back 
    center console buttons
4. Laser lights! 
5. Love the new bumper, grille and lights and they 
    make the G30 look truly aggressive and 
    sharper in person. 
6. Lumbar support for the front seats (a big plus)
7. Retuned gearbox with some new bearings to 
    reduce vibrations (as given in the press 
    release)  
Will surely share a few snaps after the delivery and try to post an ownership review!
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   Have read your useful thread many many times while we were planning to buy our dream car! 
We were really waiting for the LCI as we plan to keep this car for a long time, and the fresher design and changes help justify the higher price.    

Congratulations on your purchase! The 5-series is a much improved and a complete car now. Features like wireless Apple Play are great additions from my experience, one uses it every day. The combination of features is spot-on and as an overall package makes the G-20 530i LCI even harder to beat.
Dear all, 
Happy to share that we took delivery of our 530i M-Sport. The car truly is exceptional. Some initial observations from one day of driving: 
1. Interior quality is superb!
2. The bluestone metallic colour is beautiful, have received compliments from everyone who sees it.
3. Extremely quiet! Like an electric car in the city.
4. Laser lights are exceptionally bright! 
And most importantly - it drives beautifully and handles like a charm, having just brinked the surface of its capabilities on an open winding road. Also, the engine note is sweet!  
Will try to post an ownership review as the days go by.  
Thank you!       
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   Happy to share that we took delivery of our 530i M-Sport.    

Congratulations on your 530i, head-on with the updated Laser headlights and grill, it looks more 7 series than 5 series!
Congratulations. Beautiful looking car. I lost count of the number of times I recommended the 530i on what-to-buy threads here, without any takers, I might add :-) Do spend some time to get to know the incredible combination of the engine and gearbox this car comes with.
  Quote:    
						Originally Posted by ProximaCentauri   Happy to share that we took delivery of our 530i M-Sport. The car truly is exceptional.    

Congratulations on the new star gracing your galaxy! That is a very tasteful spec indeed, properly gorgeous. Here's wishing you a million miles of happiness with the new steed.
Congratulations ProximaC it looks quite fantastic. The new lights are much more distinctive than the outgoing model. All the best for your ownership.
